hi my name is Dave Ward and I'm here
with my wife Monica Ward who was doing
the 21 day fix program and we just
recently filmed a great tips video where
Monica gave you her top 10 tips that has
generated a whole bunch of questions so
I'm in an interview Monica and we're
going to talk about these questions and
hopefully get your question answered in
this series all right Monica next
question on our 21 day fix FAQ video
series is do you get to drink alcohol on
the 21 day fix yes you do oh boy what
let's party so three days a week you can
substitute your carb one of your two I
get two of these a day and three days a
week I can sub one of these honestly
it's the saddest sized container for
alcohol it's like maybe four ounces do
you think that's a good question maybe
that I can't I can't tell you however it
is a very very small portion of red wine
and good I fill it with vodka I don't
know you're such a troublemaker so 13
times a week you can sub out one of your
yellow containers for red wine okay and
that's it that's it that's it so don't
give me any suggestions um but my I
guess my view if you have to if you must
I would you know you have the option to
do so you also can sub out you can put
potato chips in this they're very
specific about which ones you can put in
tortilla chips if you have that you know
have to have some tortilla chips so
there's there's options in here and you
should have to be really careful that
that stuff is gonna alter your results
obviously you're going to get the best
results by staying true to the program
and
honestly it's only two it's for 21 days
right you know why not give yourself the
opportunity to get some rock and results
in 21 days and then when you move into
the next phase you can you have a
baseline for all right three days a week
I can have and you know we talked
earlier one of the other videos in this
21-day fix FAQ video series talk about
establishing simple healthy habits and
the 21 day fix is not really designed to
be this 21-day thing where you go 21
days and get some results and then go
right back to whatever it was you were
doing that's I think one of those simple
healthy habits that can really carry
people a long long way is learning how
to really limit your alcohol content
mmhmm yeah okay cool thanks all right
well I hope that video answered your
question if you have another question or
if you want some information about the
21 day fix or if you want to learn how
you can be personally coached by Monica
through the 21 day fix program please
email us at info at the Fit Club network
or you can go ahead and click on the
link right here on the screen and it
will take you to our website where you
can get all the information on our free
fitness coaching program alright we're
looking forward to hearing from you you
can also add a comment below we
appreciate you sharing this video as
well
you